 The ampersand, when combined with the variable name,
tells scanf the location (or address) in memory at which the variable integer1 is stored.
The computer then stores the value for integer1 at that location. 


 The ampersand, when combined with the variable name,
tells scanf the location (or address) in memory at which the variable integer1 is stored.
The computer then stores the value for integer1 at that location. 

C provides three types of repetition structures in the form of statements, namely
while (Section 3.7), do…while, and for (both discussed in Chapter 4). 

C has only seven control statements: sequence, three types of
selection and three types of repetition.

(s.61 i boken)
printf( "%s\n", grade >= 60 ? "Passed" : "Failed" );
grade >= 60 ? printf( "Passed\n" ) : printf( "Failed\n" );

%.2f innebär att två decimaler kommer skrivas ut.


Pre-increment operator is used to increment the value of variable before using in the expression. The Pre-Incremented value is first incremented and the used inside the expression.
b = ++y;

B. Post Increment Operator in C Programming :
Post-increment operator is used to increment the value of variable as soon as after executing expression completely in which post increment is used. The Post-Increment value is first used in a expression and then incremented.
b = x++;

There are two ways to invoke functions in many programming languages—call-by-value
and call-by-reference. When arguments are passed by value, a copy of the argument’s value
is made and passed to the called function. Changes to the copy do not affect an original
variable’s value in the caller. When an argument is passed by reference, the caller allows
the called function to modify the original variable’s value.
Call-by-value should be used whenever the called function does not need to modify
the value of the caller’s original variable. This prevents the accidental side effects (variable
modifications) that so greatly hinder the development of correct and reliable software systems.
Call-by-reference should be used only with trusted called functions that need to
modify the original variable.
In C, all calls are by value.

A function’s local variables (those declared
in the parameter list or function body) normally have automatic storage duration.
Keyword auto explicitly declares variables of automatic storage duration. For example, the
following declaration indicates that double variables x and y are automatic local variables
and they exist only in the body of the function in which the declaration appears:

The compiler may ignore register declarations. For example, there may not be a sufficient
number of registers available for the compiler to use. The following declaration sugauto
gests that the integer variable counter be placed in one of the computer’s registers and
initialized to 1:

If the user types 20 or more characters, your program may crash! For this
reason, use the conversion specifier %19s so that scanf does not write characters into memory
beyond the end of the array s.

